Let's make some codfish crumbs.
total fit
we need 500 grams of cod
in the water .
peace knorr broth a bread mix san
antonio the genius lens 3 is how much to reap
Soup design makes garlic cloves there
hundreds of tomatoes path
black pepper coriander and just lift
shogun one puts the cod splinters and
water covascol together knorr bouillon cube
pachi boiling amounts of base for about
four minutes on a white goal
turn the oven to 160 degrees
cut a lid the bread
carefully the crux for an initial
lucas two wishes of the bread board and
takes the way the cod to a
dish chosen field of culture on
the new of the bread until you are welcome in
then crush the chopped garlic cloves
of the 500 vehicles with the
screwdrivers
therefore killed in May seed links and
we managed to raise shogun and that only comes out
next to the garlic cloves left the area and
add the tomato pins
let cook on large lomba for fence
10 minutes stirring occasionally paradise
add my thumb foresight
mix well together .
cod the feet of the chopped winds and
move neighborhood walks with the leaves of
50 games to get out of your mind
mix well and simmer
fire until the girls are left with
desired consistency puts the levels
inside the tap bread and serve immediately
with ground black pepper